Changing AcceptedCommands Interface (#37646)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/upgrading.md

`PersistentStorageDelegate` to `CodegenDataModelProviderInstance`. See example
changes in [36658](https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/pull/36658)
).

### Decoupling of Command Handler Interface from Ember

#### EnumerateGeneratedCommands

Changed the old callback based iteration, into a ListBuilder based approach for
the Enumeration of Generated Commands

`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateGeneratedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, CommandIdCallback callback, void * context)`
becomes
`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateGeneratedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, ListBuilder<CommandId> & builder)`

Changes for implementation

-   old

```cpp
   for (auto && cmd : { ScanNetworksResponse::Id, NetworkConfigResponse::Id, ConnectNetworkResponse::Id })
   {
       VerifyOrExit(callback(cmd, context) == Loop::Continue, /**/);
   }
```

-   new

```cpp
   ReturnErrorOnFailure(
        builder.AppendElements({ ScanNetworksResponse::Id, NetworkConfigResponse::Id, ConnectNetworkResponse::Id })
   )
```

#### EnumerateAcceptedCommands

> Expanded `EnumerateAcceptedCommands` Interface to provide Attributes and

Reviewer: What does it mean to provide "Attributes" for commands?  That doesn't make sense.

Maybe you mean "qualities and access", not "attributes and privileges"?

Of course Timed is also access in the spec....

Author: Yeah, I meant Qualities, will change

Privileges using a ListBuilder

`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateAcceptedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, CommandIdCallback callback, void * context)`
becomes
`CommandHandlerInterface::EnumerateAcceptedCommands(const ConcreteClusterPath & cluster, ListBuilder<AcceptedCommandEntry> & builder)`

Changes for implementation:

-   Old

```cpp
    for (auto && cmd : {
             Disable::Id,
             EnableCharging::Id,
         })
    {
        VerifyOrExit(callback(cmd, context) == Loop::Continue, /**/);
    }

    if (HasFeature(Feature::kV2x))
    {
        VerifyOrExit(callback(EnableDischarging::Id, context) == Loop::Continue, /**/);
    }
```

-   new

```cpp
    using QF   = DataModel::CommandQualityFlags;
    using Priv = chip::Access::Privilege;

>     ReturnErrorOnFailure(builder.AppendElements({

Reviewer: Does this not need EnsureAppendCapacity before AppendElements?

Author: Not really, AppendElements already ensures capacity before, only when using Append is necessary

        { Disable::Id,        QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate },
        { EnableCharging::Id, QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate },
    }));

    if (HasFeature(Feature::kV2x))
    {
        ReturnErrorOnFailure(builder.EnsureAppendCapacity(1));
        ReturnErrorOnFailure(
            builder.Append({ EnableDischarging::Id, QF::kTimed, Priv::kOperate})
        );
    }

```

Important Notes:

> Careful to use `EnsureAppendCapacity` before single element Append

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure to use `EnsureAppendCapacity` before single element Append
```

> `ListBuilder::Append` as it will not grow the buffer if not available already

Reviewer: This sentence has grammar issues.

Author: Please check new phrasing
